Self-Improvement and success go hand in hand. Taking the steps to make yourself a better and more well-rounded individual will prove to be a wise decision. Frank Long, A Better You
The wise person feels the pain of one arrow. The unwise feels the pain of two. Kate Carne, Seven Secrets Of Mindfulness
When looking for wise words, the best ones often come from our elders. Catherine Pulsifer
You've heard that it's wise to learn from experience, but it is wiser to learn from the experience of others. Rick Warren
We tend to think of great thinkers and innovators as soloists, but the truth is that the greatest innovative thinking doesn't occur in a vacuum. Innovation results from collaboration. John C. Maxwell
Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go. Hermann Hesse
But what I've discovered over time is that some of the wisest people I know have also been some of the most broken people. James Prescott, Mosaic of Grace
Don't waste your time with explanations, people only hear what they want to hear. Paulo Coelho
To make difficult decisions wisely, it helps to have a systematic process for assessing each choice and its consequences - the potential impact on each aspect of your life. Stedman Graham, You Can Make It Happen Every Day
Each of us experiences defeats in life. We can transform defeat into victory if we learn from life’s whuppings. Les Brown
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says I'm possible! Audrey Hepburn
Pain can change you, but that doesn't mean it has to be a bad change. Take that pain and turn it into wisdom. Dalai Lama
To be wise, we must seek Jesus, for we will not find wisdom apart from him. Kim Brenneman, Home Management
What you do and say lives on in the hearts and minds of others, to some degree, with a definite result or consequence. Charles F. Stanley
Reading is one of the most important activities, which helps to educate genius and develop creative abilities. Samuel Greenberg, Think like Einstein, earn like Bill Gates
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it. George Orwell
Faith in God includes faith in God's timing. Neal A. Maxwell
If we manage ego wisely, we get the upside it delivers followed by strong returns. Dave Marcum, Egonomics
Though age stereotyping is usually cruel (the old are forgetful, sad, weak, cranky, unattractive, boring), it can sometimes be kind (the old are wise) or even directed at the young (millennials are snowflakes). Carl Honore, Bolder
Meditation is about viewing the world with great clarity so you can make wise decisions. It will help you make the appropriate action with regard to things that you have to change. Mia Conrad, Social Anxiety
That is ever the difference between the wise and the unwise: the latter wonders at what are unusual; the wise man wonders at the usual. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Attitude, to me, is more important than money. It is more important than the future, the past, education, circumstances, failure, success, it is even more important than what other people think or say. Brad Hanson, Pieces of Wisdom
Be wiser than other people, if you can; but do not tell them so. Lord Chesterfield
The legacy you leave is the life you lead. We lead our lives daily, and we leave a legacy daily - not some grand plan, what we do each and every day, all the little decisions, because we never know what impact things will have or when you might have an impact. Jim Kouzes
For me, a sense of prosperity often comes with less rather than more. Lori Hill, 5 Gifts to Give Yourself
Knowledge is the crown of the wise, folly is an inheritance of a fool. Vusi Mxolisi Zitha, The realities of life
The nature of life is such that the fool does not always fail, nor is the wise man always successful. Janice Manning, ‎Marshall Masters, The Kolbrin Bible
The wise always speak of what, with exactitude, cannot be put into words. Therefore, it is necessary to have ears and subtleness to hear these words Marià Corbí, Principles of an Epistemology of Values
By three things the wise person may be known. What three? He sees a shortcoming as it is. When he sees it, he tries to correct it. And when another acknowledges a shortcoming, the wise one forgives it as he should. Buddha
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. Confucius
It is far better to give work that is above a person, than to educate the person to be above their work. John Ruskin
A very wise woman, Eleanor Roosevelt, famously once said, "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." Truly dwell on the wisdom of that philosophical statement for a moment. Ian Tuhovsky, Natural Confidence Training
Do not be wise in words be wise in deeds. Jewish Proverb
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. Albert Einstein
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them. Paulo Coelho
Thus, a wise individual is the one who learns to see positive even in unfavorable events and unanticipated behavior of people. Lindsay J. Hallie, Happiness
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. Bruce Lee
Big-picture thinkers are comfortable with ambiguity. They don't try to force every observation or piece of data into pre-formulated mental cubby holes. John C. Maxwell
A significant part of showing respect is simply listening. We offer our presence and open ears - listening to the hidden hurts and heartaches, the deepest dreams and desires of one another. Rick Warren
. . . just because we feel a certain way doesn't make that feeling a fact. It only means that we feel that way. We must learn to press past our feelings. Joyce Meyer
People who are generous are constantly giving things away: courage, money, introductions - whatever is needed. Look around today and see what you have in abundance that others might be lacking. David Jeremiah
The hardnesses of our experiences, which seem to us to be more than we can possibly endure, make the very school of life for us in which we learn our best lessons and grow into whatever beauty and Christlikeness of character we attain. Al Bryant
A word from the wise - from those who have had experience in life - is far more valuable than many realize. If we are wise we will take it and make use of it, thus saving ourselves much time and grief. Dorothea S. Kopplin
Which way you choose to see your life in the future depends on your attitude today. Amy E. Dean
We never have more than we can bear. The present hour we are always able to endure. H. E. Manning
I not only use all the brains that I have but all that I can borrow. Woodrow Wilson
When you are in conversation with other people, choose your words wisely. Your words have great power and you should be aware of this. Daniel Smith, Banned Subconscious Mind Secrets
The wise lack for nothing. The foolish, meanwhile, cannot make good use of anything. Camille Alice, A Book of Grace-Filled Days
Earth has no balm that can cure the loneliness of the human spirit. Billy Graham
When faced with a crisis, winners not only work on resolving it, but try to find something beneficial in the situation. In the midst of chaos, they manage to discover that fine vein of positive thinking that can lead to new chances for success. Dr. Irene C. Kassorla
While it is impossible to forget the past, it is necessary that we leave the past where it was. We are not the same people that we was then. Quirky Grandma, Love the Person You See in the Mirror!
Never seem wiser, nor more learned, than the people you are with. Wear your learning, like your watch, in a private pocket: and do not merely pull it out and strike it; merely to show that you have one. Lord Chesterfield
You are a citizen of the world, and when you stop the labeling process you will begin to see God in every garden, every forest, every home, every creature, and every person, and inner peace will be your reward. Wayne W. Dyer
Remember that the habits you are trying to alter developed for a reason. If you continue to drift back into them, take some time to examine the circumstances. Henry Lee, Habit Master
Sometimes, arguments end simply by accepting that you don't agree with the other party. Instead of trying to sway the other person to agree with you, you just have to accept your differences. James Christiansen, How To Control Anger
Be kind and virtuous, you'll be blest and wise. Benjamin Franklin
In simple manners all the secret lies. Be kind and virtuous, you'll be blest and wise. Benjamin Franklin
Don't aspire to be in these shoes. Walk in your own. Everyone's unique, and that's what makes people exciting to watch. . . savor what you are and not what everyone else wants you to be. Sandra Bullock
Just because you are given free will to expose yourself, it is not acceptable to step on someone else's reputation, brag about what you achieved and/ or speak sarcastically toward others. Faith Starr, Stop Self-Sabotaging and Shift your Paradigm to Success
Life often teaches us through our wrong turns and missed possibilities. Anne Wilson Schaef
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise. Buddha
The wisest man is he who does not believe he is wise. Proverb
While planning for the future is a worthy endeavour, you have to also enjoy the moment and cultivate the of deciding when to toggle between present and future from the experiences of the past. Brian Maddox, The Reframe
By the way, you want to live your life in such a way that the friend(s) you turn to know that you would do the same for them, if the situation were reversed! Wally Amos
The wisest mind has something yet to learn. George Santayana
The greatest chapters in history always begin with risk, and the same is true with the chapters of your life. Mark Batterson
Sadly, we are too often a destination-obsessed people. We are so motivated by accomplishment that it's almost impossible for us to have a context for life outside of what we get done. Brian Hardin
A man doesn't begin to attain wisdom until he recognizes he is no longer indispensable. Richard E. Byrd
The ability to communicate fluidly and effectively is more than just a skill that one develops over time. It is a combination of skill, and wisdom, and the ability to connect to the perception of another that will allow them to see things the way you do and follow along with your will. Gerald Campbell, The 8 Laws of Communication
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. Truman Capote
A kind person is very wise, because they - consciously or unconsciously - have realised what it is all about: that what we do to our fellows, we also do to ourselves. Stefan Einhorn, The Art of Being Kind
A good friend is precious, even more precious is a wise good friend. V. Ashiedu, Bible Verses on Friendship
No matter how bad we might think the world is, in my experience the vast majority of us want to rub along with our fellow men and very often buried beneath a gruff exterior, there is a generous sprit waiting to be revealed. Tony Clark
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. Mother Teresa
When you're dealing with people who are offensive and irritating, you need to look past their behavior to their pain. When people are hurting others, it's because they're hurting on the inside Rick Warren
The wise ones fashioned speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve. Buddha
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down. Vanessa Paradis
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment. Margaret Mead
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. Baltasar Gracian
Trust the path, trust your self, and ultimately follow your inner voice over the chatter of external rationalisings. John Francis King, Wise Guy and Other Fables
The rule of reflection states that the river you perceive is a reflection of who you are. Lynn Marie Sager, A River Worth Riding
Eating better starts long before you lift a fork. Thomas Keller, Guy Gourmet
The rule of reflection states that the river you perceive is a reflection of who you are. Lynn Marie Sager, A River Worth Riding
Walking away is not always easy, and it always hurt, especially from the person that you loved the most. Shaquita M (QuitaBelle) Howard, Touching the Broken:
In everything a prudent man acts with knowledge, but a fool flaunts his folly. Old Proverb
A man without dignity is a man without hope. Andreas Chrysaphēs, Andartes
The heart can create troubles for the head—the heart knows nothing of logic. Osho, Intuition
Good manners are treasured even in today’s world, and will never go out of style. Neil Schreiber, How To Be A Gentleman
Wise men are the better for one another. Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Sir Roger L'Estrange, Seneca's Morals, by Way of Abstract
Using pride wisely requires a solid grasp of when and why it can go wrong. David DeSteno, emotional success
Introverts are wise and stable. Extroverts will hop from train to train without caring for the consequences. Ail Rigor Wrot, Rainbow child & Bumblebees
Some people are so poor, all they have is money. Jack Kerouac